Name: Alex Chen, Weiyu Wang
NetID: ac2496, ww393

Summarize your solution
-----------------------

* What was your approach to solving the assignment?

... probably the same as everyone else's, especally for eval. There may
be some slight uniqueness in our implementation of infer, namely:

  - variable binding list is represented as a list of var * typ (ok,
    everyone probably used this type)
  - in order to correctly infer variant types, our solution was to first get
    the letters from the corresponding vars, create newvars for each,
    and then when getting the type from the constructor field, we used a
    dictionary to convert all of the generic 'as and 'bs to the unique newvars
  - There might have been a number of ways to do app for infer, but the method
    we chose was to create newvars for the (unknown) domain and range and
    tie the types together using those newvars, rather than to infer down the
    function expression.

Our tests systematically cover all of the simple cases, a few special cases,
and then a number of actual expressions that utilize multiple types.
Special cases include: duplicate bindings, functional equality, errors in pair
/ etc to check that the VError bubbles down, shadowing, deep matching, and
a nested match.

Our "real" tests were: reversing a list, positive integer gcd, count_bin_trees
from PS1, and Dijkstra's algorithm.

Logistically, Alex worked on eval and test_eval and Weiyu worked on infer.
Alex also wrote a test suite for infer which he used to fix a number of bugs
with the its initial implementation.

* Are there any known bugs in your solution?

No.

Feedback on the assignment
--------------------------

* What was fun about the assignment?

Everything was equally fun, except for the copy-paste binop stuff and
the copy-paste test cases, which were less fun.

* What did you find especially hard?

Infer for app was surprisingly difficult. Other than that, infer for variants
was probably the hardest part, though it was more annoying than tricky. All of
eval was very straightforward.

* How could the assignment be made more valuable?

Let the students do the unification / other phases! Just writing collect
is boring and not very meaningful. Less hand-holding in general would make
the assignment more interesting.